situation here in nothing G STP is
catastrophic and the Health Care system
is collapsing after the Israeli forces
ordered Al madani hospital to evacuate
to the nothing go R I'm talking to you
from the andonian hospital which
received all casualties and patients
from Al madani hospital as you can see
they don't have space to receive all
cases that's why they are receiving them
in the corridors here
we used to have 140 beds in the
Indonesian hospital but two floors have
been completely destroyed by the Israeli
forces which means we only have 80 beds
left our 10 bed in tens of care units
the only unit available in the entire
Northern Gaza the situation is
catastrophic a Relentless bombardment
and heavy air strikes targeted the East
part of the Gaza City and this caused
hundreds of casualties and
wed they bombed our house we got injured
I have wounds in my head I lost my
mother my father my siblings and my
uncle together with his wife the
Israelis killed them the Israelis killed
10 members of my
family I called my father who told me
that my brothers their wives and my wife
have lost their lives but I can't even
go to bring the dead my father is still
there under the shelling but no one can
go to this
area and this is the situation here and
the nothing El exactly in the Indonesian
Hospital alaz nothing goes a
St make sure to subscribe to our channel
to get the latest news from Al jazer